README.md, before:

# Tagger Custom Builder

Support multiple tags for a build output

This can be hacked together today by:

1) create a custom builder image that pulls the built image and re-tags it with the commit found in the image label and pushes it
2) define a custom build config with an image change trigger such that it gets run whenever the "real" build pushes a new image.

cf https://trello.com/c/nOX8FTRq/686-5-support-multiple-tags-for-a-build-output

## How it works

### TOKEN

If you don't explicitly add a token to connect to your openshift instance then it will connect as the builder
and you will need to ensure that the builder can see and edit your project
`oc policy add-role-to-user edit system:serviceaccount:drupal-module-tester:builder`

### BUILD_NAMESPACE

The namespace that the image build was done in. If not set then this will try to get the namespace of the service account
`BUILD_NAMESPACE=$(eval cat /var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/namespace)`

### BUILD_IMAGE

BUILD_IMAGE is the part of your namespace before the tag eg `my-openshift-project/my-image-name`

### PUSH_IMAGE

If true tries to push the image to the final repo name after tagging so, for example, you could publish your image on docker hub

## Run it locally

```
docker run -it -e TOKEN=$(oc whoami -t) \
               -e BUILD_NAMESPACE=<…> \
               -e BUILD_IMAGE=<…> \
               yamo/openshift-tagger-custom-builder
```

## Use it on openshift

To use it, you just have to add a BuildConfig that will be triggered after your build

```
- kind: BuildConfig
  apiVersion: v1
  metadata:
    name: ${APPLICATION_NAME}-tagger
    labels:
      application: ${APPLICATION_NAME}
  spec:
    strategy:
      type: Custom
      customStrategy:
        from:
          # this is the builder image
          kind: DockerImage
          name: yamo/openshift-tagger-custom-builder
        pullSecret:
          name: dockercfg
        forcePull: true
        env:
        - name: OPENSHIFT_INSTANCE
          value: ${OPENSHIFT_SERVER}
        - name: BUILD_NAMESPACE
          value: ${APPLICATION_NAME}
        - name: BUILD_IMAGE
          value: ${APPLICATION_NAME}
    triggers:
    - type: ImageChange
    - type: ImageChange
      imageChange:
        from:
          kind: ImageStreamTag
          name: ${APPLICATION_NAME}:latest
```

Commit message:

working push  to external repo with dynamic tag from parent image label

README.md, after:

# Tagger Custom Builder

Tested with

- Docker Hub

## How it works

### TOKEN

If you don't explicitly add a token to connect to your openshift instance then it will connect as the builder user
and you will need to ensure that the builder can see and edit your project for this image to work by running
`oc policy add-role-to-user edit system:serviceaccount:<my-project-name>:builder`

### BUILD_NAMESPACE

The namespace that the image build was done in. If not set then this will try to get the namespace of the service account
`BUILD_NAMESPACE=$(eval cat /var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/namespace)`

### BUILD_IMAGE

BUILD_IMAGE is the part of your namespace before the tag eg `my-openshift-project/my-image-name`

### PUSH_IMAGE

If true tries to push the image to the final repo name after tagging so, for example, you could publish your image on docker hub

## Run it locally

```
docker run -it -e TOKEN=$(oc whoami -t) \
               -e BUILD_NAMESPACE=<…> \
               -e BUILD_IMAGE=<…> \
               yamo/openshift-tagger-custom-builder
```

## Use it on openshift

To use it, you just have to add a BuildConfig that will be triggered after your build

```
- kind: BuildConfig
  apiVersion: v1
  metadata:
    name: ${APPLICATION_NAME}-tagger
    labels:
      application: ${APPLICATION_NAME}
  spec:
    strategy:
      type: Custom
      customStrategy:
        from:
          # this is the builder image
          kind: DockerImage
          name: yamo/openshift-tagger-custom-builder
        pullSecret:
          name: dockercfg
        forcePull: true
        env:
        - name: OPENSHIFT_INSTANCE
          value: ${OPENSHIFT_SERVER}
        - name: BUILD_NAMESPACE
          value: ${APPLICATION_NAME}
        - name: BUILD_IMAGE
          value: ${APPLICATION_NAME}
    triggers:
    - type: ImageChange
    - type: ImageChange
      imageChange:
        from:
          kind: ImageStreamTag
          name: ${APPLICATION_NAME}:latest
```
